Hi there in this video I'm going
to explain how to interpret
FitBenchmarking results.
The output of FitBenchmarking is
displayed to the user by a four
tables and two performance profiles.
These are the accuracy table,
the runtime table, the comparison table,
the local minimizer table, a
performance profile for accuracy,
and a performance profile for runtime.
Now I'm going to explain how to
interpret the tables. By clicking
on the cell such as here,
you'll be taken to the relevant results
page for that minimizer and problem.
The minimizers are listed along
the top of the table, along with
the software and the cost function.
The problems in your problem
set are displayed down the left
hand side of the table.
To identify the best minimizer
for your problem set,
you must identify the best
column in this table.
Peach, or the lighter colour,
indicates the best and dark
purple indicates the worst.
The lower the absolute and
relative values, the better.
The best relative value is 1, and
by default the tables display
the absolute value followed by
the relative value in brackets.
Accuracy & runtime.
The accuracy results are calculated
by evaluating the cost function
with the fitted parameters.
These are shown in the accuracy table.
The timing results are calculated from an
average using the timeit module in Python.
These are shown in the runtime table.
The superscripts in the tables
denote the error for which a
key is displayed below the table.
The comparison table is an amalgamation
of both the accuracy and runtime tables.
The top half of each cell displays
the accuracy and the bottom
half displays the runtime.
Performance profiles.
There are performance profiles
for both accuracy and runtime.
The best minimizers are found
in the top left of the graph.
All cost functions are shown
together on the same diagram,
and a key for these is
on the right hand side.
Fits are taken from all benchmarks,
so if FitBenchmarking is run with
n problems and m cost functions,
the resulting profile plots will
have n * m steps on the y-axis.
The local minimizer table.
This table can be used to check
if a local minimum has been found
using the criteria shown below.
It can indicate that it might be worth
trying different starting values.
However, be careful when
interpreting this table.
True means that a local minimum
has been found, but this does not
mean that it is the best minimizer.
As displayed in the example below.
Here you can see we have a result of true,
but the green line does not look
like a good fit for the data,
which is the black crosses.
Likewise, false does not necessarily
mean that there is no local minimum
or that the process of finding
a suitable minimizer has failed.
This is because the criteria described
in the previous slide also relies
on the Jacobians used being good.